Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictures or conversations?'

So she was considering, in her own mind (as well as she could, for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.

There was nothing so very remarkable about that; nor did Alice think it so very much out of the ordinary, until the Rabbit took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket, and looked at it, and then hurried on, crying, 'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!'

When Alice heard this, she jumped up, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before heard a rabbit speak, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.

In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering whether the hole was large enough for her, or what might happen if she fell down it. The hole turned out to be a rabbit-hole indeed, and it went straight down like a well.

Alice found herself falling down what seemed to be a very deep hole. She had plenty of time to look about her and to wonder what was going to happen next. First, she looked down and tried to see the bottom, but it was too dark.

The fall was very slow, so Alice had time to think about many things. She wondered how far she had fallen and when she would reach the bottom. Sometimes she looked at the sides of the hole and saw cupboards and shelves filled with books and maps.

As she fell, Alice tried to grab something to stop her fall, but everything was too far away. She began to think about her cat, Dinah, and wondered what would happen to her. Would anyone miss her if she disappeared down this hole forever?

Finally, after what seemed like hours but was probably only minutes, Alice landed softly on a pile of leaves and sticks. She was not hurt at all, which surprised her greatly. Looking around, she found herself in a long, low hall with doors all around.

The hall was lit by lamps hanging from the ceiling. Alice walked around trying each door, but they were all locked. She was beginning to wonder how she would ever get out of this strange place when she noticed a small table in the center of the hall.
